



introduction


First of all thank you for giving opportunity to introduce myself 
My name is sanket sanjay shevale I am basically from Pandharpur i belong to nuclear family currently I am staying in pune 
I did my graduation in B.E FROM zeal college of engineering and research at savitribai phule pune University I have done major 
project in bacholor of engineering which is design and fabrication of water cleaning machine my strength is I am self motivated hard working and disciplined person  
My short term goal is to get job from reputed company and long term goal is to achieve a good position where I can build my career and help organization too my hobbies are to  traveling watching movies playing cricket and chess also thats all about me

why shold we hire you?
Being a fresher, I think I am very flexible and adaptive to learning new things. I am sure I will be able to contribute something capable for the growth of the company. 


           PROJECT

  THE NAME OF OUR PROJECT IS DESIGN AND FABRICAION OF WATER CLEANING MACHINE                                               
  THE PROBLEM STATEMENT OF OUR PROJECT IS
the aim of our project is To minimize the problem of wastage on RIVER, lake, sea due to the
plastic, electronic items, thermocol, metal parts etc.
This causes huge amount of water pollution which effects on aquatic
animals as well as human life.
It is also used in small scale industries to remove the solid wastage
from water, road and sand with minimum cost.
We can even use this machine for river plants harvesting

  THE AIM OF OUR PROJECT STATEMENT IS
The main aim of the project is to reduce the man power, time
consumption for cleaning the river.
To reduce the pollution in water bodies.

                     FUTURE SCOPE
     Instead of battery power, the motor can be run using solar power, by
    fitting solar panels to the setup.
    During the real time application, the size of the machine will be big so
   that more amount of waste can be collected and a bigger motor can
     be used to increase performance and rate of collecting waste.
   A sensor can be placed in the collector bin. As the collecting bin
   becomes full, it gives an alert.
   It can be used to remove the garbage with higher accuracy from the
   drainage system
        
                        CONCLUSION
On Calculating and Experimenting the result are very
satisfactory. On the basis of these result we can conclude                                                                                 
that it is an innovative method of minimizing manual stress
and thus very much reliably stabilizing the in the river. The
project carried out by us made an impressing task in the
environmental purpose and it is very useful for the small
scale works. Although this system able to collect the garbage
from the lake with human intervention. The objective of the
project was successfully achieved.   


Base Frame 
A frame is often a structural system that supports other components of a physically. Bed 
frame, the part of a bed used to position the mattress and base

Collecting Tray 
It is used to collect waste garbage from the river.

Conveyor Belt 
It is carrying medium of a belt conveyor system 

Battery 
The purpose of the battery in a series circuit is to give the circuit a source of energy. The 
purpose of a switch in a series circuit is to make it easy to open or close the electrical 
circuit, turning the flow of electricity on or off. 

4 Shaft 
Hollow shaft used to transmit the power with the help of belt drive

 Motor 
A DC motor is any of a class of rotary electrical machines that converts direct current 
electrical energy into mechanical 
energy. The most common types rely on the forces produced by magnetic fields. 

 Propeller 
It is a mechanical device used to develop thrust inside the water for propelling the 
floating body. 

       C LANGUAGE

What is the use of the function in C?
C functions are used to avoid the rewriting the same code again and again in our program.
C functions can be called any number of times from any place of our program.
When a program is divided into functions, then any part of our program can easily be tracked.
C functions provide the reusability concept

CALL BY VALUE                                                                          CALL BY FUNCTION
When a copy of the value is passed to                  When a copy of the value is passed to.
the function, then the original                                  the function, then the original value is not modified
 value is not modified.	

  What is recursion in C?
When a function calls itself, and this process is known as recursion. The function that calls itself is known as a recursive function.

What is an array IN C?
An Array is a group of similar types of elements. It has a contiguous memory location. It makes the code optimized, easy to traverse 
and easy to sort. The size and type of arrays cannot be changed after its declaration.

 What is a pointer in C?
A pointer is a variable that refers to the address of a value.
 
What is a NULL pointer in C?
A pointer that doesn't refer to any address of value but NULL is known as a NULL pointer. 

What is static memory allocation?
In case of static memory allocation, memory is allocated at compile time, and memory 
can't be increased while executing the program. It is used in the array
int a[10];  
The above example creates an array of integer type, and the size of an array is fixed, i.e., 10.

What is dynamic memory allocation?
In case of dynamic memory allocation, memory is allocated at runtime and 
memory can be increased while executing the program. It is used in the linked list.
int *p= malloc(sizeof(int)*10);  
The above example allocates the memory at runtime.
                      
                       malloc()
The malloc() function is used to allocate the memory during the execution of the program.
                    calloc()
The calloc() is same as malloc() function, but the difference only is that it initializes the memory with zero value.
                  realloc()
The realloc() function is used to reallocate the memory to the new size.

               What is the structure?
The structure is a user-defined data type that allows storing
 multiple types of data in a single unit. It occupies the sum of the memory of all members.


               c++
What are class and object in C++?
A class is a user-defined data type that has data members and member functions.
Data members are the data variables and member functions are the functions that are used to perform operations on these variables.
An object is an instance of a class. Since a class is a user-defined data type so an object can also be called a variable of that data type.
        
    What is polymorphism in C++?
Polymorphism in simple means having many forms. Its behavior is different in different
 situations. And this occurs when we have multiple classes that are related to each other by inheritance.
For example, think of a base class called a car that has a method called
car brand(). Derived classes of cars could be Mercedes, BMW, Audi - And they also have their own implementation of a cars
The two types of polymorphism in c++ are:
Compile Time Polymorphism
Runtime Polymorphism

Explain inheritance
Inheritance is the process of creating new classes, called derived classes, from existing classes. These existing classes are called base classes. 
The derived classes inherit all the capabilities of the base class but can add new features and refinements of their own.

Encapsulation??
the idea of bundling data and methods that work on that data within one unit,

What do you mean by abstraction in C++?
Abstraction is the process of showing the essential details to the user and hiding the details which
 we don’t want to show to the user or hiding the details which are irrelevant to a particular user
                     
 Explain constructor in C++
The constructor is a member function that is executed automatically whenever an object is created

What are the C++ access specifiers?
Public: All data members and member functions are accessible outside the class.
Protected: All data members and member functions are accessible inside the class and to the derived class.
Private: All data members and member functions are not accessible outside the class

What is a reference in C++?
A reference is like a pointer. It is another name of an already existing variable. Once a reference name is initialized with a
 variable, that variable can be accessed by the variable name or reference name both.
